{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Annotation guidelines\
\

\f1\b0 We will annotate 110 texts manually, from which ten will be annotated by both of us to calculate an Inter-Annotator agreement. We will use stratified sampling to sample the text. For this, we will extract the month and the year from the variable \'82published_date\'91. We use the publish date (and not the \'82updated_on\'91 variable) because published_date is distributed more even, and there are enough texts in every bin to perform stratified sampling.\
\
\
The label should reflect the attitude an article has towards the use of computers. The attitude can belong to one of three categories: positive, negative, or neutral. \
\
A positive article is an article that highlights advantages, introduces new technology, and shows how problems can be solved by using a computer. An example would be an article that introduces a new smartphone, or that shows how someone with a health problem might benefit from using a smartwatch. The general goal of the article is to show the good sides of computers\
\
\
Neutral articles are articles that either discuss both advantages and disadvantages, or that just uses one of the words we searched for without stating an opinion about the uses of computers. An example for the latter would be a movie description in which someone just sees some important information on a computer, but the computer itself is not relevant for the plot, and could theoretically be replaced by a piece of paper. \
An example for an article that includes both advantages and disadvantages would be an article that discusses if computers should be used more for educational purposes in school or not.  In this case, the goal of the article is to determine if the use of computers in this particular situation is a good idea or not.\
\
A negative article is an article that warns about using computers, and highlights the disadvantages of computers in general. An example would be an article in which someone states that artificial intelligence will enslave humanity. The main purpose is to show why computers are not good.\
\
}